Feedback from Mike Bishop's review (#82)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-aead-limits: draft-irtf-cfrg-aead-limits.md

      - ins: S. R. Fluhrer
    date: 2005-05-31
  TLS: RFC8446
  INTRO:
    title: "Introduction to Modern Cryptography"
    target: "https://web.cs.ucdavis.edu/~rogaway/classes/227/spring05/book/main.pdf"
    date: 2005-05-11
    author:
      - name: Mihir Bellare

>       - name: Phillip Rogaway

Reviewer: Unfortunately, the "Introduction to Modern Cryptography" notes don't include a INT-CTXT definition (Chapter 8 on Authenticated Encryption marked 'to be written').

This one is an alternative, Chapters 5 + 9.

```suggestion
  INTRO:
    title: "A Graduate Course in Applied Cryptography"
    target: "https://toc.cryptobook.us/book.pdf"
    date: 2023-01-19
    author:
      - name: Dan Boneh
      - name: Victor Shoup
```

For each AEAD algorithm, we define the chosen-plaintext confidentiality (IND-CPA) and ciphertext
integrity (INT-CTXT) advantage roughly as the advantage an attacker has in breaking the
corresponding classical security property for the algorithm.

> Mathematically rigorous definitions for these advantages can be found in Chapter 5 of {{INTRO}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mathematically rigorous definitions for these advantages can be found, e.g., in Chapters 5 and 9 of {{INTRO}}.
```

Adapt refs to "A Graduate Course in Applied Cryptography".
